---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# What is OpenBLD.net Gears?

OpenBLD.net Gears is a set of tools and services that help you to protect your online privacy and security. 

## Gears

- **_DoH_ Profiling (PDP)**: A service that provides complete isolation of your DNS requests, ensuring that no one can track your online activity. It also offers personalized DNS settings, robust security with DNSSEC, TLSv1.2, and TLSv1.3, and more.
- **Differentiated DNS Switching (ADDS)**: Differentiated DNS switching to faster upstream servers for priority (trusted) domain names.
- **Multi Output Channeling (MOC)**: Different channeling for different output data.
- **Custom Terminal Messages (CTM)**: Allow customizing terminal messages for `nslookup` etc.
- **Guarantee DNS Resolving System (GDRS)**: A system that guarantees the resolution of DNS requests if those are not resolved by the upstream DNS servers.
- **DNS Filtering (DF)**: A service that filters DNS requests based on the user's preferences.
- **DNS Caching (DC)**: A service that caches DNS requests to speed up the resolution process.
- **EDNS Client Subnet (ECS)**: A service that provides the client's subnet information to the upstream DNS servers.
- **Metrics Collection (MC)**: A service that collects metrics about DNS requests and responses.
- **Dashboard System (DS)**: _In developing_

## Modes

OpenBLD.net Gears offers several modes to help to customize your online experience and available as default settings in:

- **ADA - Adaptive DNS Acceleration**: A mode that automatically switches to faster upstream servers for priority (trusted) domain names.
- **RIC - Strict DNS Concentration**: A mode that allows majority DNS requests to the OpenBLD.net servers from PDP Gear. All other DNS requests are blocked.
- **KID - Kid Protection Mode**: A mode that blocks adult content, gambling, and other unwanted content.
- **ZTM - Zero Trust Mode**: A mode that blocks all DNS requests except for those explicitly allowed by the user.

:::info
* It its own internal technologies and services of OpenBLD.net which can be provided to users as a service in [OpenBLD Plus](/docs/overwiew/openbld-plus/) mode.
* These technologies are not available for public use, but are used by default in all OpenBLD.net services.
:::

:::note
Creation of material in progress...
:::
