---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# OpenBLD Plus

While individuals can use OpenBLD personally with [Rules of use](/docs/overwiew/how-it-works/#rules-of-use), companies 
and organizations have the opportunity to enjoy additional benefits after making:

- [x] [Sponsorship](/docs/sponsorship/)
- [x] [Donation](/docs/donation/)

## OpenBLD+ Benefits

By making a [Sponsorchip](/docs/funding-and-sponsorship/) or [Donation](/docs/donation/), you or your company can access the following advantages:

- [x] Personalized support
- [x] Explicit whitelisting for your domain 
- [x] Showcase your logo or nickname on the project [Homepage](https://openbld.net)
- [x] Expedited delivery of your domain data for OpenBLD DNS users
- [x] Feedback or a thankful letter if you need one from us 
- [x] Assistance in promoting and recommending your company 
- [x] Provide the speediest IP DNS service for your company
- [x] OpenBLD+ [Homelab](/docs/overwiew/openbld-plus/#openbld-homelab) plan or another plan (depends on the amount of donation / sponsorship)

To provide your contact and donation information, name, questions, related details, through [Contacts](/docs/contacts.md) page.

# OpenBLD+ Plans

### OpenBLD+ Homelab

- Unique OpenBLD.net DoH links with personal requests isolation
- Included 100 lines on Allow/Block domain lists ([Example](https://github.com/m0zgen/my-zbld))
- ~0.5 Million of requests per month
- DNSSEC, TLSv1.2, TLSv1.3
- 5$/Month or 15$/Year

### OpenBLD+ Worklab

- [+] DNS store TTL caching time
- [+] DNS cache clean duration time
- [+] Update Allow/Block lists interval
- [+] Up to ~1 Million the number of requests
- [+] Personal support
- 15$/Month or 45$/Year

### OpenBLD+ Business

- [+] Use multiple (~2-5) configurations
- [+] Change upstream DNS IP for allowed domain for your own
- [+] Increase the number of DNS requests and QPS
- [+] Increase Allow/Block from 100 to 10k lines
- [+] Change OpenBLD.net balancing strategy to faster+ strategy
- 45$/Month or 99$/Year

## Enterprise Support

OpenBLD.net is a free and open-source project. We are committed to providing a free and open-source service to everyone. 
However, we also understand that some companies and organizations may require additional support and we can provide it, including:

- [x] Dedicated servers
- [x] Dedicated support and assistance
- [x] Dedicated monitoring
- [x] Customized solutions
- [x] Customized pricing (from $100 per month)
- [x] Unlimited requests per second (see [limitations](/docs/overwiew/how-it-works/#limitations))

:::note
All options can be calculated individually.
:::

If you are interested in enterprise support, please contact us at [Contacts](/docs/contacts.md) page.

## Individual plan

We are open to discussing individual arrangements and are always looking for ways to improve our service.

If you have any other ideas or suggestions, please contact us at [Contacts](/docs/contacts.md) 
page.

## Implement OpenBLD Plus

OpenBLD.net Plus has powerful features that can help you improve your DNS service.

At the current time, all features have CLI only, but we are working on a web interface.

To implement OpenBLD Plus, please contact us at [Contacts](/docs/contacts.md) page.
